{\rtf1\ansi\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0 Segoe UI;}{\f1 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;}
\viewkind4\uc1\pard\cf1\f0\fs28 ScreenshotSweeper\fs20\par
\par
\fs22 ScreenshotSweeper is a smart, lightweight Windows utility designed to keep your screenshots folder organized and clutter-free. It automatically manages temporary screenshots while ensuring your important memories and data are preserved.\par
\par
\fs24 Key Features\fs22\par
\bullet  Intelligent Monitoring: Automatically detects new screenshots in real-time.\par
\bullet  Flexible Timers: Set automatic deletion timers from minutes to days.\par
\bullet  One-Click Presets: Quickly choose how long to keep a screenshot via notifications.\par
\bullet  Safe "Keep" Folder: Easily move important files to a permanent storage location.\par
\bullet  System Tray Integration: Runs silently in the background with minimal resource usage.\par
\par
\fs24 System Requirements\fs22\par
\bullet  Windows 10 version 21H2 or later / Windows 11\par
\bullet  .NET 8.0 Runtime (will be verified during installation)\par
\par
\fs24 Quick Start Guide\fs22\par
1. Install and Launch: Completion of this setup will guide you through the initial configuration.\par
2. Select Folder: Point the app to your default Screenshots directory.\par
3. Configure: Set your preferred default deletion time and customize presets.\par
4. Workflow: Take a screenshot, get a notification, and decide its fate in one click!\par
\par
\i "Take freely. Keep only what matters. Delete the rest automatically."\i0\par
}
